BR: add a doc about Azure Blob Storage (#7434)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-storages.md

2. Content of the file on the tool node at `~/.config/gcloud/application_default_credentials.json`
3. When running in GCE or GAE, the credentials fetched from the metadata server.

### Azblob URL parameters

| URL parameter | Description |
|:----------|:-----|
| `account-name` | The account name of the storage |
| `account-key` | The access key|

> | `access-tier` | Storage class of the uploaded objects (for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, `Archive`). If `access-tier` is not set (the value is empty), the value is `Hot` by default. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `access-tier` | Access tier of the uploaded objects (for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, `Archive`). If `access-tier` is not set (the value is empty), the value is `Hot` by default. |
```

> To ensure that TiKV and the migration tool use the same storage account, the migration tool determines the value of `account-name`. That is, `send-credentials-to-tikv = true` is set by default. The migration tool infers these keys from the environment in the following order:

Reviewer: "Migration tool" -> BR

> To ensure that TiKV and the migration tool use the same storage account, the migration tool determines the value of `account-name`. That is, `send-credentials-to-tikv = true` is set by default. The migration tool infers these keys from the environment in the following order:

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure that TiKV and BR use the same storage account, BR determines the value of `account-name`. That is, `send-credentials-to-tikv = true` is set by default. BR infers these keys from the environment in the following order:
```

1. If both `account-name` **and** `account-key` are specified, the key specified by this parameter is used.

> 2. If `account-key` is not specified, then the tool tries to read the related credentials from environment variables on the node of the tool.

Reviewer: the tool -> BR

> 2. If `account-key` is not specified, then the tool tries to read the related credentials from environment variables on the node of the tool.

Author: ```suggestion
2. If `account-key` is not specified, then BR tries to read the related credentials from environment variables on the node of BR.
```

>     - The migration tool reads `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` first. At the same time, the tool allows TiKV to read the above three environment variables from the respective nodes and access using Azure AD (Azure Active Directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - BR reads `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` first. At the same time, BR allows TiKV to read the above three environment variables from the respective nodes and access using Azure AD (Azure Active Directory).
```

>         - `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` respectively refer the application ID `client_id`, the tenant ID `tenant_id`, and the client password `client_secret` of Azure application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` respectively refer to the application ID `client_id`, the tenant ID `tenant_id`, and the client password `client_secret` of Azure application.
```

>         - To learn how to check whether the operating system have configured `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, or if you need to configure these variables as parameters, refer to [Configure environment variables as parameters](/br/backup-and-restore-azblob.md#configure-environment-variables-as-parameters).

Author: ```suggestion
        - To learn how to check whether the operating system has configured `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, or if you need to configure these variables as parameters, refer to [Configure environment variables as parameters](/br/backup-and-restore-azblob.md#configure-environment-variables-as-parameters).
```

>         - To learn how to check whether the operating system have configured `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, or you need to configure these variables as parameters, refer to [Configure environment variables as parameters](/br/backup-and-restore-azblob.md#configure-environment-variables-as-parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - To learn how to check whether the operating system have configured `$AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `$AZURE_TENANT_ID`, and `$AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`, or if you need to configure these variables as parameters, refer to [Configure environment variables as parameters](/br/backup-and-restore-azblob.md#configure-environment-variables-as-parameters).
```

> 3. If the above three environment variables are not configured in the node of the tool, then the tool tries to read `$AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` and access using a key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the above three environment variables are not configured in the BR node, BR tries to read `$AZURE_STORAGE_KEY` using an access key.
```

### GCS command-line parameters

| Command-line parameter | Description |
|:----------|:------|
| `--gcs.credentials-file` |  The path of the JSON-formatted credential on the tool node. |
| `--gcs.storage-class` | The storage type of the upload object, such as `STANDARD` and `COLDLINE`.  |
| `--gcs.predefined-acl` | The pre-defined ACL of the upload object, such as `private` and `project-private`. |

### Azblob command-line parameters

| Command-line parameter | Description |
| `--azblob.account-name` | The account name of the storage |
| `--azblob.account-key` | The access key |

> | `--azblob.access-tier` | Storage class of the uploaded objects (for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, `Archive`). If `access-tier` is not set (the value is empty), the value is `Hot` by default. |

Reviewer 2: storage class
->
access tier

> | `--azblob.access-tier` | Storage class of the uploaded objects (for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, `Archive`). If `access-tier` is not set (the value is empty), the value is `Hot` by default. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `--azblob.access-tier` | Access tier of the uploaded objects (for example, `Hot`, `Cool`, `Archive`). If `access-tier` is not set (the value is empty), the value is `Hot` by default. |
```

## BR sending credentials to TiKV

> By default, when using S3 and GCS destinations, BR will send the credentials to every TiKV nodes to reduce setup complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when using S3, GCS, or Azblob destinations, BR will send the credentials to every TiKV node to reduce setup complexity.
```
